also be achieved elixir um just for East
artist when I apologize for any
background noise basically windows open
its fucking like 30 degrees today so I'm
boiling um so I'm here right now to
announce my the date and what's
happening for my completion escape party
so anyone who's been following me for a
long time now I'd like to attend my
party like everyone to come along um you
know you guys have been with me and
supported me the whole way oops sorry
didn't mean to put that I always click
that instead of that but I don't know um
so yeah anyone who's been with me for a
long time I'd like to come along and
attend in any new subscribe is there
anyone just coming on and watch me get
my concave the date is going to be on
saturday the 18 days in saturday 28 of
july at nine p.m. gmt i will have other
time zones in the description and i'll
be posting videos like announcing before
and stuff like like a reminder video
sort of thing because i know people have
also shit going on so I mean if you're
around you might as well come I'm just
going to show you what I've got left to
do before friday so oh yeah before we
get into that I'm going to show tell you
what exactly we're doing so the party is
going to consist of three parts or kind
of 4 i'm going to be posting a video on
saturday sort of midday saying you know
the party's today join my french trap
and then you just drive my french chang
you know we can talk in here about times
and stuff whatever i'll be on my all day
on Saturday operative flipping or
something just having relaxing for a
couple of hours before we do at about
nine o'clock i'm going to be posting
another video probably about 15 minutes
before and that's going to be a
livestream announcement i'm going to be
live streaming the entire thing so if
you're free to play you can still attend
so yeah they'll be alive stew
announcement going up right before it
starts so I mean you can then join my
French can you know what's the live
stream and stuff we're then going to be
like 15 minutes into the livestream sort
of thing we're going to be at varick
museum and I'm going to go to the Statue
of damn Rock thingy and I'm going to use
my strange rocks and
to get all these ninety-nines to too
late all 98 2 99's and this 29 1 20 tons
I'm gonna use two lamps to get
dungeoneering and prayer and I'm going
to use the strange rocks t all the rest
so that's currently have what's going to
happen after then I'm going to do a
probably a 40 Mulder of party something
like that something's not really a huge
amount of money but something or other
just because you know you only get
concave once I guess and then we're
going to wear our where Corp gear but
instead of a spear bring it Jamal and
we're going to try and do more the cord
to death just for a like a fun event
we're not going to camp therefore it is
we're just going to get one or two kills
then in the party a pretty give away a
few more things over at cope and stuff
just have some fun with the people there
so yeah that's pretty much what's going
to be happening on saturday so yeah it's
Saturday the Saturday twenty eight and
nine p.m. gmt the description on we'll
have more time zone so you could tell me
if you can come on up show me French out
this week or yeah and stuff let me know
what's going on if you can come and
stuff I kinda like to know how many
people are gonna come so yeah it's
definitely going to be a fucking sick
event and it's going to be really fun
and really awesome and have a completion
escape and it was going to be super
jealous of my cave so that's basically
the contents of the event what's going
to be happening there will be well 36 at
that museum we're going to meet on the
actual day so yeah what 36 Varrick
museum 9 p.m. gmt saturday so see you
guys there um thanks for the support you
guys have been really awesome as my
friend over the past few days i'll show
you guys see I'm a 5.5 ml band XP away
yeah and I've got five point six more
tokens so I can get done July right now
if I wanted on video but fuck that I can
also get a smithing and Hunter right now
on video too because the BET 9k away um
yeah I'm going to head off and do
thieving 29 k away and herb farming is
going to be a time and then I'm going to
do like a bunch i'll do a bunch of
skills that's okay
like three days to do it'll take me like
probably about 12 hours in total to do
the rest of this so yeah I'll see you
guys in my French chat you know I talk
to me whatever alright see you guys on
saturday bye